well meanwhile there have been a series
of new Israeli strikes including in Rafa
Khan yunas and on the alala school in
the south of Gaza City the strip's
largest refugee camp Jalia has also once
again been targeted by Israeli air
strikes Osama bin Javed has
more Allah Allah
Allah we're being killed she says Those
Who survive don't even have water an
overwhelming number of wounded at Gaza
now out of service in the hospital being
seriously wounded here is a death
sentence even the vinegar they use to
clean wounds has run out for weeks
they've appealed to the world but the
only thing incoming is more Israeli
bombardment she's 15 and has a severe
head injury we were hit by a missile
some of my children were killed the
survivors are
critical communication and details are
scaned at gaza's largest alifa hospital
after Israeli forces raid on Wednesday
in their last appeal Medics said the
wounds are getting infected there's
little food and water and the Israeli
military Siege means no one can go in or
out no word on how many babies are still
alive since oxygen and electricity are
fast running
out across Gaza entire neighborhoods are
being wiped out more strikes overnight
on the densely packed jabalia Camp
flattened yet another
block the rocket hit the building and
killed the people in their sleep this is
what Netanyahu does but I'd like to say
this to Netanyahu we will not
surrender there's no more fuel for
rescue teams the roads are destroyed and
many Rescuers have also been
killed the whole civil defense
operations will cease we cannot carry
out search and rescue without fuel it
will be nothing but a horrifying
catastrophe I appeal to the whole world
international organizations to put
pressure for the delivery of fuel and
basic
resources those who are lucky enough to
reach the southern border with Egypt are
stranded as well suffering from severe
injuries and burns this child is among
thousands who need urgent medical
help our home was shelled by Israeli war
planes my father mother and all my
brothers and sisters were killed even my
uncles and cousins were killed in the
air strike I am the only one who
survived I have been waiting in the
ambulance for hours we do not know when
the ruer gate will
open nowhere is safe in Gaza and there
is no place to
go where on Earth are the Arab leaders
where are the Muslims do any of you
accept this to happen to your own child
where is the humanity Israeli snipers
are targeting young children is this
child a militant our blood is not only
on the hands of the Israelis but also on
those Arab leaders standing and watching
in
silence
a few pieces of stale leftover bread is
all that's available at the Indonesian
hospital it's already being called one
of the world's worst man-made
humanitarian
[Music]
disasters but the sounds coming out of
Gaza are very different depending on
which side of the bombing posts it on
social
media as Israel's war on Gaza remains
Relentless Usama bin Javid aler
well we have correspondence across the
region Muhammad Jam jum is in occupied
East Jerusalem Forest but first let's
speak to yumna Al you're inhan yunes in
the southern part of the Gaza Strip we
know that those bombardments haven't
stopped talk us through what's been
targeted most
recently well yes Mia as you just
mentioned these bombardments haven't uh
stopped from uh last night all through
the night hours and all through this day
the bombardments have been taking place
in different areas across the Gaza Strip
uh let's start with the Northern parts
where homes have been shelled by tanks
in the Northern parts of the strip and
also the bombardments of the jabalia
refugee camp one of the most densely
populated areas this camp that has been
targeted multiple times before before
about eight homes were completely
destroyed in the targeting of the
jabalia refugee dozens of people were
killed and dozens others were injured
while dozens have remained under the
rubble where civilians have uh suffered
to bring them out along with the defense
teams that were available other
targeting also was a targeting in a
Sabra neighborhood in Gaza the city and
other targeting uh in going to and
another targeting in Gaza also was for
alah public school now uh going to the
South there was a targeting in ra where
seven people were killed another
targeting in Al for a residential home
where nine people were killed another
one a home in a local market in the
center of kanun also a number of
citizens and dozens others were injured
in that targeting and the targeting
continue in or across the
strip y you're in conun at the moment
and we know over the last couple of days
lots of leaflets have been dropped in
the East asking people to to leave and
try to seek known shelters where are
people supposed to go and are people
actually
moving
well yes these leaflets have been
dropped in the southern part on the
Eastern Parts in the southern part they
have been dropped on four towns here so
we're talking about four major towns in
KH units itself and people are expected
according to the Israeli Army's orders
in these leaflets to move to the Western
and Central parts of Kan unit itself
which is the southern part now or
already the entire southern part I'm
talking about kanun and Rapa are
completely overpacked over a million
and7 700,000 people are in the southern
parts now Nastasia without being able to
find enough space for the amount of
population and the amount of people who
have been displaced the people who are
still being displaced because of the
ongoing bombardments in the south and
all these people where are they supposed
to go while they're still asked to
evacuate from their homes yumna Al there
with the latest forest from the ground
in conun and the Gaza Strip thank you
yumna well let's now get the view from
occupied East Jerusalem and speak to
Muhammad Jam jum Muhammad we know that
supplies have been running low we've
just been hearing there from yumna about
people being asked to move when there's
actually no food no water no fuel but we
are now hearing that Israel is I believe
allowing more fuel trucks into Gaza what
details do we have at this
stage that's right Anastasia the details
that have emerged over the course of the
past hour is that Israel will start
allowing two fuel trucks per day into
the Gaza Strip from the raah border
crossing this was a decision that was
made by the war cabinet in Israel this
is supposed to be for use by the United
Nations and to help maintain maintain
and keep the sewage system and the water
system working in Gaza now um we're told
there are a lot of reports in the media
here that this decision was the result
of recommendations by the Israeli Army
the shin bate which is the internal
security and intelligence services and
also that the US played a key role that
it was it's been reported here that the
US was growing increasingly frustrated
with Israel about this issue of allowing
fuel trucks into the Gaza Strip that
apparently the US had made made this
request several weeks ago and we're
we're not understanding why it hadn't
been implemented until now um this is
supposed to be around 60,000 lers of
fuel per day that will be allowed entry
into Gaza uh you compare that to about 7
million liters per week that had been
allowed entry before October 7th so the
current amount that we're told will
start entering into Gaza will be about
6% of that previous amount that was
allowed in before October 7th now this
not not surprisingly has not gone down
well with members of the far right
government team here in Israel we're
already hearing a lot of criticism from
certain far right-wing cabinet members
including national security minister
itar bin gavier but also Finance
Minister bezel smotrich he released a
statement just a short while ago in
which he said allowing fuel into Gaza is
a grave mistake and against the
cabinet's decision it reflects weakness
it's giving oxygen to the enemy and it
allows Sinar to sit in an airconditioned
bunker comfortably watch the news and
continue to manipulate Israeli society
and the families of the hostages and
this instead of hitting him and his men
and his Partners Hamas heads abroad
mercilessly until the last survivors
there beg us to accept back our
abductees unconditionally it's the only
way to destroy Hamas return the
abductees and restore security to the
citizens of Israel now despite the fact
that when this announcement was made
there were assurances that none of this
fuel would reach Hamas you're starting
to see what could could constitute a
rebellion by members of the far
right-wing government um and it's going
to be interesting to see if more
ministers and if more members of the
cabinet and members of the knesset come
out and start criticizing it we know now
that there was supposed to be a security
cabinet meeting that was going to be
happening on Monday evening now that's
been moved to tomorrow evening and we
believe that is a result of the internal
dispute this is something that could
politically be a problem for prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu we'll get
you more details as we have them the
hours to come Nastasia we will indeed
very interesting Dynamics Muhammad Jam
there with the latest for us from
occupied East Jerusalem thank you m